[OC-836] decomissioning server registry and server config for users s… (#322)
opfab/operatorfabric-core: src/docs/asciidoc/deployment/configuration/users_configuration.adoc

= Users Business service

> OperatorFabric Cards-Consultation Business service is a Spring Webflux application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OperatorFabric Users Business service is a Spring Webflux application
```
